Adds `fossa test --diff` command (#986)
fossas/fossa-cli: docs/references/subcommands/test.md

```sh
fossa test --json
```

> ### Test against previous revision
> 
> With `--diff <ARG>`, you can check for _only_ new issue comapred to some `<ARG>` revision. 
> 
> ```sh
> fossa test --diff revisionToCompare
> ```
> 
> #### Example
> 
> ```sh
> fossa test --revision 34021e --diff v2.0.0
> ```
> 
> This will only report issues that are present in `34021e` revision,
> BUT are not present in revision `v2.0.0`.
> 
> For instance, 
> 
> * If the revision `v2.0.0` has issue: `A`, and the revision `34021e` has issue `A`, 
>   * `fossa-cli` will report no new issues discovered, and will exit with status code of 0.
>   
> 
> * If the revision `v2.0.0` has issue: `A`, and the revision `34021e` has 0 issues, 
>   * `fossa-cli` will report no new issues discovered, and will exit with status code of 0.
> 
> 
> * If the revision `v2.0.0` has issue: `A`, and the revision `34021e` has issues `A`, `B`, 
>   * `fossa-cli` will report issue `B`, and will exit with status code of 1.

Reviewer: [optional] Reworded this to flow a little more nicely. In particular:
- Refactors to keep the focus on what FOSSA does, not on the user (e.g., removes "you").
- Refactors "will do" style statements in favor of "does" style statements, which are more clear and direct.

(Escaping the triple-backticks so that they don't break the suggestion block)

```suggestion
### Test for new issues compared to another revision

`--diff <REVISION>` configures FOSSA to only report new issues observed with the current revision that weren't already reported on the specified `<REVISION>`.

\```sh
fossa test --diff revisionToCompare
\```

#### Example

\```sh
fossa test --revision 34021e --diff v2.0.0
\```

This only reports issues that are present in `34021e` revision,
BUT are not present in revision `v2.0.0`.

For instance, 

* If the revision `v2.0.0` has issue: `A`, and the revision `34021e` has issue `A`, 
  * `fossa-cli` reports no new issues discovered and exits with status code of 0.
  

* If the revision `v2.0.0` has issue: `A`, and the revision `34021e` has 0 issues, 
  * `fossa-cli` reports no new issues discovered and exits with status code of 0.

* If the revision `v2.0.0` has issue: `A`, and the revision `34021e` has issues `A`, `B`, 
  * `fossa-cli` reports issue `B` and exits with status code of 1.
```
